In O
the O
process O
of O
reward O
and O
training O
, punctuation
first B-signal
, punctuation
the B-activity
management I-activity
checks I-activity
the I-activity
employee I-activity
performance I-activity
. punctuation
If B-signal
the B-condition
performance I-condition
is I-condition
less I-condition
than I-condition
20% I-condition
, punctuation
the B-activity
management I-activity
suggests I-activity
the I-activity
employee's I-activity
dismissal I-activity
to I-activity
the I-activity
human I-activity
resource I-activity
department I-activity
(HR) I-activity
. punctuation
Then B-signal
, punctuation
the B-activity
HR I-activity
dismisses I-activity
the I-activity
employee I-activity
. punctuation
If B-signal
the B-condition
employee I-condition
performance I-condition
is I-condition
greater I-condition
than I-condition
20% I-condition
but I-condition
less I-condition
than I-condition
50% I-condition
, punctuation
the B-activity
management I-activity
will I-activity
suggest I-activity
training I-activity
, I-activity
which I-activity
in I-activity
turn I-activity
is I-activity
provided I-activity
by I-activity
HR I-activity
. punctuation
If B-signal
the B-condition
performance I-condition
exceeds I-condition
75% I-condition
, punctuation
the B-activity
management I-activity
suggests I-activity
the I-activity
employee I-activity
for I-activity
reward I-activity
. punctuation
There B-activity
may I-activity
be I-activity
either I-activity
a I-activity
financial I-activity
reward I-activity
or I-activity
an I-activity
other I-activity
benefit I-activity
. punctuation
Regarding O
the O
latter O
, punctuation
the B-activity
management I-activity
chooses I-activity
an I-activity
appropriate I-activity
benefit I-activity
. punctuation
The B-activity
financial I-activity
reward I-activity
is I-activity
calculated I-activity
and I-activity
payed I-activity
by I-activity
the I-activity
finance I-activity
departement I-activity
. punctuation
Finally B-signal
, punctuation
the B-activity
management I-activity
announces I-activity
the I-activity
rewarded I-activity
employee I-activity
as I-activity
employee I-activity
of I-activity
the I-activity
month I-activity
. punctuation
