When B-signal
a B-activity
visitor I-activity
wants I-activity
to I-activity
become I-activity
a I-activity
member I-activity
of I-activity
Barcelona I-activity
's I-activity
ZooClub I-activity
, punctuation
the O
following O
steps O
must O
be O
taken O
. punctuation
First B-signal
of I-signal
all I-signal
, punctuation
the B-activity
customer I-activity
must I-activity
decide I-activity
whether I-activity
he I-activity
wants I-activity
an I-activity
individual I-activity
or I-activity
family I-activity
membership I-activity
. punctuation
If B-signal
he B-activity
wants I-activity
an I-activity
individual I-activity
membership I-activity
, punctuation
he B-activity
must I-activity
prepare I-activity
his I-activity
personal I-activity
information I-activity
. punctuation
If B-signal
he B-activity
wants I-activity
a I-activity
family I-activity
membership I-activity
instead I-activity
, punctuation
he B-activity
should I-activity
prepare I-activity
the I-activity
information I-activity
for I-activity
its I-activity
spouse I-activity
and I-activity
spawn I-activity
as I-activity
well I-activity
. punctuation
The B-activity
customer I-activity
must I-activity
then I-activity
give I-activity
this I-activity
information I-activity
to I-activity
the I-activity
ZooClub I-activity
department I-activity
. punctuation
The B-activity
ZooClub I-activity
department I-activity
introduces I-activity
the I-activity
visitor I-activity
's I-activity
personal I-activity
data I-activity
into I-activity
the I-activity
system I-activity
and I-activity
takes I-activity
the I-activity
payment I-activity
request I-activity
to I-activity
the I-activity
Billing I-activity
department I-activity
. punctuation
The B-activity
ZooClub I-activity
department I-activity
also I-activity
forwards I-activity
the I-activity
visitor I-activity
's I-activity
information I-activity
to I-activity
the I-activity
marketing I-activity
department I-activity
. punctuation
The B-activity
billing I-activity
department I-activity
sends I-activity
the I-activity
payment I-activity
request I-activity
to I-activity
the I-activity
bank I-activity
. punctuation
The B-activity
bank I-activity
processes I-activity
the I-activity
payment I-activity
information I-activity
and O
, punctuation
if B-signal
everything B-condition
is I-condition
correct I-condition
, punctuation
charges B-activity
the I-activity
payment I-activity
into I-activity
user I-activity
's I-activity
account I-activity
. punctuation
Once B-signal
the B-condition
payment I-condition
is I-condition
confirmed I-condition
, punctuation
the B-activity
ZooClub I-activity
department I-activity
can I-activity
print I-activity
the I-activity
card I-activity
and I-activity
deliver I-activity
it I-activity
to I-activity
the I-activity
visitor I-activity
. punctuation
In B-signal
the I-signal
meantime I-signal
, punctuation
the B-activity
Marketing I-activity
department I-activity
makes I-activity
a I-activity
request I-activity
to I-activity
mail I-activity
the I-activity
Zoo I-activity
Club I-activity
's I-activity
magazine I-activity
to I-activity
the I-activity
visitor I-activity
's I-activity
home I-activity
. punctuation
Once B-signal
the B-condition
visitor I-condition
receives I-condition
the I-condition
card I-condition
, punctuation
he B-activity
can I-activity
go I-activity
home I-activity
. punctuation
