The B-activity
process I-activity
of I-activity
buying I-activity
new I-activity
hardware I-activity
is I-activity
started I-activity
as B-signal
soon I-signal
as I-signal
a B-activity
request I-activity
for I-activity
new I-activity
hardware I-activity
is I-activity
received I-activity
by I-activity
the I-activity
IT I-activity
department I-activity
. punctuation
The O
next B-signal
step I-signal
is O
for O
the B-activity
IT I-activity
department I-activity
to I-activity
analyse I-activity
the I-activity
request I-activity
and I-activity
either I-activity
approve I-activity
or I-activity
deny I-activity
it I-activity
. punctuation
If B-signal
it B-condition
is I-condition
denied I-condition
, punctuation
the B-activity
employee I-activity
is I-activity
informed I-activity
via I-activity
email I-activity
about I-activity
the I-activity
denial I-activity
and I-activity
the I-activity
process I-activity
is I-activity
ended I-activity
. punctuation
However B-signal
, punctuation
if B-signal
the B-condition
request I-condition
is I-condition
approved I-condition
it B-activity
is I-activity
edited I-activity
and I-activity
completed I-activity
. punctuation
Then B-signal
an B-activity
email I-activity
is I-activity
sent I-activity
to I-activity
the I-activity
supplier I-activity
asking I-activity
about I-activity
prices I-activity
. punctuation
Then B-signal
the B-activity
supplier I-activity
replies I-activity
to I-activity
the I-activity
email I-activity
by I-activity
sending I-activity
an I-activity
offer I-activity
for I-activity
the I-activity
requested I-activity
items I-activity
. punctuation
Once B-signal
this B-condition
offer I-condition
is I-condition
received I-condition
, punctuation
a B-activity
form I-activity
is I-activity
filled I-activity
in I-activity
and I-activity
sent I-activity
to I-activity
the I-activity
management I-activity
. punctuation
The B-activity
management I-activity
then I-activity
analyses I-activity
the I-activity
request I-activity
and I-activity
decides I-activity
if I-activity
it I-activity
is I-activity
approved I-activity
or I-activity
not I-activity
. punctuation
In B-signal
the I-signal
former I-signal
case I-signal
, punctuation
the B-activity
offer I-activity
is I-activity
forwarded I-activity
to I-activity
the I-activity
financial I-activity
department I-activity
and I-activity
back I-activity
to I-activity
the I-activity
IT I-activity
department I-activity
. punctuation
The B-activity
financial I-activity
department I-activity
finds I-activity
resources I-activity
while B-signal
the B-activity
IT I-activity
department I-activity
prepares I-activity
an I-activity
order I-activity
and I-activity
sends I-activity
this I-activity
to I-activity
the I-activity
supplier I-activity
. punctuation
When B-signal
this B-condition
is I-condition
accepted I-condition
and I-condition
the I-condition
financial I-condition
resources I-condition
are I-condition
found I-condition
the B-activity
hardware I-activity
is I-activity
received I-activity
by I-activity
the I-activity
IT I-activity
department I-activity
. punctuation
After B-signal
which B-condition
the B-activity
financial I-activity
department I-activity
will I-activity
take I-activity
care I-activity
of I-activity
the I-activity
invoice I-activity
and I-activity
the I-activity
processes I-activity
is I-activity
ended I-activity
. punctuation
In B-signal
the I-signal
scenario I-signal
where B-condition
the I-condition
management I-condition
does I-condition
not I-condition
approve I-condition
the I-condition
request I-condition
it B-activity
can I-activity
send I-activity
the I-activity
request I-activity
back I-activity
to I-activity
the I-activity
IT I-activity
department I-activity
for I-activity
rework I-activity
, punctuation
then B-signal
the B-activity
IT I-activity
department I-activity
has I-activity
to I-activity
go I-activity
back I-activity
to I-activity
editing I-activity
and I-activity
completing I-activity
a I-activity
request I-activity
. punctuation
If B-signal
the B-condition
management I-condition
does I-condition
not I-condition
approve I-condition
the I-condition
request I-condition
it B-activity
can I-activity
also I-activity
decide I-activity
to I-activity
deny I-activity
the I-activity
request I-activity
after B-signal
which B-condition
the B-activity
process I-activity
is I-activity
ended I-activity
. punctuation
